hey guys and welcome back to Catan
Cracker Jacks today I'm going to show
you how to make your very own pepperoni
cheesy bites pizza the Pizza Hut way at
home this pizza is super easy to make
don't be fooled by you know thinking
it's super hard it's not it's very easy
if you can make a regular pepperoni
pizza you can make this so for this
recipe you're going to need some
homemade pizza dough you could also use
store-bought refrigerated if you'd like
but I have a separate video that shows
how I make my pizza dough I will put a
link to that down below you're also
going to need some shredded mozzarella
cheese you're also going to need pizza
sauce of course again you could use
homemade or pre bought you're also going
to need pepperoni or toppings of your
choice some string cheese melted butter
and garlic powder so let's get started
I've already gone ahead and made up my
pizza dough and I've covered that let it
rise for an hour until it was doubled in
size and now I'm going to place this on
to a 16 inch pizza pan a lot of people
have asked me on my previous Pizza
videos where I get my pizza pans this is
just a cheap $2 Walmart pizza pan it's
made of aluminum it's super thin and
lightweight which is exactly what you
want for pizza
because it lets the heat go right
through the pan right to the crust so
you get a nice evenly done crust but you
want to Pat your pizza dough all the way
out to the edges of your pan and I'm
just using my fingertips to do this work
around the dough evenly so it stays
circular and you just want to Pat this
out until it goes about a half inch or
so beyond the edge of the pan because
we're actually going to be folding the
edges up and over a round cheese but
once you get your crust spread all the
way out you want to take some string
cheese this is just the regular old
individually wrapped string cheese that
you can buy for like a quarter apiece go
ahead and unwrap those I'm using 8
pieces for this 16 inch pizza you want
to place those evenly around the edge of
the crust and then you want to take the
very edge of the crust and fold that up
and over your cheese sticks and cap
slighting then completely and once you
get those completely encapsulated go
around and press down the crust make
sure that those edges are sealed so
there's no air pockets or anything in
there you want the dough wrapped tightly
around the cheese tags then I'm going to
take a knife
and you can actually see where the
individual sticks are you want to cut
between the sticks and then cut each
stick into three equal pieces
it does not have to be perfect just
eyeball this there's no need to get out
of ruler and measure anything just
eyeball it close enough is good enough
for this and then to actually form the
crown of cheesy bites if you will you
just want to take each piece here and
you want to pull it up and flip it 90
degrees when you turn these over make
sure that that sealed side where the
seam is of the dough stays on the bottom
so that way when you bake it they stay
sealed that they don't come undone and
just go around and turn each of these
pieces 90 degrees they don't have to be
touching it's perfectly fine if there's
space between them that's actually
preferable because this dough will kind
of rise and spread out as it bakes and
now we can go ahead and build the
toppings on our pizza I'm just going
take my pizza sauce here again I will
put a link that shows how I make that
down below it's super simple it's tomato
paste water basil oregano onion powder
garlic powder little bit of salt I think
but I'll put the recipe down below for
that I'm using about a half a cup or so
of sauce and just using the back of the
spoon I'm going to spread an even layer
of this all the way across the bottom of
my pizza dough you want to make sure
that that sauce goes all the way up to
the edges of the pizza bites but don't
go real heavy on this pizza sauce using
too much sauce ends up making like a
soggy crust that's not good so just use
a thin layer and then I'm going to top
this with some shredded mozzarella
cheese now a lot of people ask me how I
get my cheese will be melting on my
pizzas the secret is I grate my own
mozzarella cheese just by the block of
low-moisture
mozzarella cheese grated on a grater the
pre shredded stuff has cellulose on it
which kind of impedes the melt enos of
the cheese so whenever you can if you if
you're going to melt cheese by the block
of cheese and shred it yourself but I
ended up using about 6 ounces of cheese
here you just want to spread that evenly
again all the way to the edges of the
cheesy bites and then I'm going to top
my pizza with pepperoni you could use
whatever toppings that you wish I'm just
keeping it simple and use
pepperoni when you do use pepperoni
because pepperoni shrinks up in the oven
when you bake it place your pepperoni
slices close together almost overlapping
them a little bit and go as heavy on the
pepperoni as you want this is your pizza
your time to make it how you want and
then you want to bake your pizza in a
preheated 450 degree fahrenheit oven and
you want to bake this for about 12
minutes or so you want to bake it in
tell the crust is nicely golden brown
the cheese is nicely melted and it just
starts to brown a little bit on the top
and once everything is nicely golden
brown you can go ahead and remove it
from your oven and because I like soft
and squishy bread especially with cheesy
bites I'm just going to take a little
bit of melted butter and using a pastry
brush just brush the tops of these with
butter that's going to make these cheesy
bites nice and soft you don't have to do
this if you don't want to but this is
how I'm doing it but once I got that
covered with the melted butter I'm just
going to sprinkle a little bit of garlic
powder right on top now if you were
smart you would have mixed the garlic
powder with the butter but I was not
thinking when I made this so I'm just
going to sprinkle a little garlic powder
right on top but then go ahead and cut
this into slices and serve it up but
there you go that is how you make a
cheesy bites pepperoni pizza the Pizza
Hut way and if you wanted to you could
substitute a hot dogs for the cheese and
you can make yourself a hot dog bites
pizza works the exact same way here's a
picture of that for you and there you go
impress your husband our wife impress
your children make yourself a pizza at
home from scratch it's super easy super
delicious definitely worth it if you
like this video be sure to give a thumbs
up I would greatly appreciate it if you
do try this out let me know down below
in the comments section thanks so much
for watching and we'll see you next time
you